Welcome to this module. Now that we learned how to fetch a location, fetch an image and do all kinds
of different things in the app,
it's finally time to keep that data not only in our application but actually get it onto a server, so
a server running in the Internet which not only allows us to fetch this even after our application restarted
but also to share it with other users which we obviously want to do in our course project.
To be precise in this module, we'll have a look at how this all work, so how we send http requests
and what the idea behind this is, we'll then have a look at the fetch API which is provided by react
native to do just that, send http requests and we'll have a look at how we handle the requests and responses
and also since it's a kind of a special case or something, you just have to know how it works, we'll also
have a look at how we actually upload our image.
So let's do all that and let's
first of all find out how it works before we then set everything up and get started sending requests.